Improved Zephyr docs (#220)
lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io: docs/embedded/zephyr.mdx

`prj_lf.conf` which `lfc` generates into the `src-gen` folder. You can provide
your own configurations through the following three files that `west lfc`
expects to find at the root of each app:
1. `prj.conf`, see [Seeting symbols in Configuration systems (Kconfig)](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/build/kconfig/setting.html#setting-symbols-in-configuration-files) 
2. `Kconfig`, see [Configuration system (Kconfig)](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/build/kconfig/index.html)
3. `app.overlay`, see [Devicetree](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/build/dts/index.html#devicetree)

The config options provided by you will be merged with those provided by `lfc`
and default settings for the board. It is very useful to inspect the final
version of the Kconfig and devicetree. After compilation, these are found in
`build/zephyr/.config` and `build/zephyr/zephyr.dts`. You can also inspect the
Kconfig options and devicetree by calling:
```
west build -t menuconfig
west build -t guiconfig
```

> These are very powerful tools and give you alot of insight into the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are very powerful tools that give you a lot of insight into the application
```

> you have just build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have just built.
```

west build -t run
```

# C libraries
Zephyr has support for three C library implementations. 
- Newlib (Default library used by LF)
- Picolibc (Supported by LF)

> - Minmal libc (Not supported yet by LF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minimal libc (Not supported yet by LF)
```

## Troubleshooting

### ESP32

> Several users have reported problems with using ESP32 and Newlib , which is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several users have reported problems with using ESP32 and Newlib, which is the
```
